Hello, I'm Michael Kosowski, and welcome to my course,
Best Practices for Effective Requirements Gathering.
In this course, you will learn how to enhance your business analysis skills,
approaches,
and techniques to advance your essential requirement
gathering capabilities and best practices.
As you know, uncertainty is inherent and inevitable in systems development.
Let me help you to embrace uncertainty and adapt
your analysis skills for success.
First,
you will delve into a holistic view of requirements
exploring just how your role of gathering,
documenting, prioritizing,
and communicating requirements can make or break a project or even a company.
Then you will discover how the business context type of a
requirement can influence your approach to success.
Next,
you will explore the secret to developing quality requirements through
nurturing and cultivating relationships with your colleagues by
leveraging communication and interpersonal skills.
Finally,
you will learn how business analysts can advance their careers by embracing
the next step in professional growth with requirements analysis at the
business unit level and across the entire enterprise.
Here we will explore the requirement development process for themes,
epics, features,
and user stories across three business contexts all
through the lens of agile and lean.
Come journey with me in taking a deeper,
richer examination at developing requirements to further refine and
improve the quality of your requirements development outcomes and deliver more value to your customers.